Add rocketctl webinar (#702)
RocketChat/rocketchat.github.io: _posts/2019/07/2019-07-17-rocketctl-install-script.md

---

> description: Join us for an introduction and demo on rocketctl, the new tool to install RocketChat server in different Linux distributions. rocketctl handles dependencies installation and configuration, and optionally installs a webserver with SSL enabled using Let's Encrypt certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Join us for an introduction and demo on rocketctl, the new tool to easily install RocketChat server on supported Linux distributions. rocketctl handles dependency installation and configuration, and optionally installs a loadbalancer/proxy with auto SSL provided by Let's Encrypt.
```
